and clear
high of equal welcome to a video of
plants vs zombies madryn grand fed no
eat garden world first and the game does not
I have bought it for the first time
very cheap in origin it cost me like 20
dollars is ridiculously cheap for
those who want to buy are super
discount and the game is fun what
buy what I buy for pc but what game
with a command like you already know that
always and this game is special to
everyone should someday make some video
about playing with command versus keyboard and
mouse because all the people criticize me
but in the end I have my
very strict thinking about this but
it does not matter because we're going to talk
exactly the game that came out does
a lot of time on xbox and it came out a long time ago
time on other platforms the truth is not
I know if playstation because I had not put
a lot of attention to the game but right now
I saw it so cheap in steam I said at the time
to buy and I'll do a test
see how
and in the middle of the world that I project
I apologize for the videos that I have not done
the business ones are missing, I think that
start from tomorrow if God
wants
also correspondence Monday and everything
the rest that traveled it voted but it 's
that the problem is that the world cup has
been very exciting and costa rica has
played very well and even chewing a
little bit without a voice - I had not felt before
but my throat hurts a little
to celebrate so much in my country but
I'm also going to make some video of
that's because it's special but we're good
to talk about the game because it 's absolute
and funny mind funny plants vs
zombies and you remember in a game
of how it's called iphone and ipad that
it was a game really only of the
crazy little platforms is called
of mobiles and I could not play a
little game that was pretty fun in
which there was a guy that had to
defend your machines to cut the
grass
of the attacking zombies and to
doing it had different plants that
they planted in the garden to be able
defend the zombies that was what
it was the game and the truth is that I play
had made it very fun and it was also
free I think I did not have electronic arts
so it was very good, including me
I had uploaded a video about that one or
two videos about that I am I had iphone
and the truth is that it had been very
fun I had fun riding in
game now it turns out that they did the
gang
as any being that I have known
It seems a lot with the idea of ​​team
fortress seems to me in which one plays
from third person and in each of
the shots do very little damage and the
enemies and one comes out with a lot of power
some come out with even more than 100
of life and tells you and left on
that little heart and it makes killing the
enemies requires many years
lots of bullets for example here in the
zombie machine gun I do not know what it's called
this tour turns treacherous
the shrapnel of now that they are weapons
specials and one sees that one shoots and
It does very little damage just
as 67% of years need to shoot a
a million times there is the cactus is like the
slider of the zombies I say of the
plants and can be zombie or plant and
each of the rounds you change to
next team or the team is different
if it was zombie before, it will now be a plant
and vice versa I suppose you have already
seen the videos and have not seen them
because he understands what the game is like but
I do not know I played a couple of hours yesterday and
He has really played very little and I
that as the printing currency that the
Plants are better than zombies
carlos and I feel when I go when I use
the plants did me better take out
they always had better games with the
plants that with men but in
different things the sunflowers and the
different bugs do different
damage for example I have been using the
launches as it is called this the good then
What is the name of this little bug?
he is not the one to be called to be called
he dedicates it expressing the vanilla rambo
that shoots like one has a weapon with a
little different and the other normal
they shoot some stronger ones as they can
see there and some others fire some
things like green paint that is
you can do a lot of updates of the
weapons that change a lot the way
play and if they do not shoot you for X
amount of time your health starts to
regenerate then you have weapons
specials that go unlocking and
you have to be like movements
specials and the truth is that a shooter
as I had never played the being in my
lifetime
fun I can not deny it good this
It's one of the things he's saying
the machine gun is what makes you
in a turret because you can not move
from there unless you come back to
press the button that takes you out of the
turret but then they lose the
ability until it recharges
and so each of the different
bugs has different things
this is the mad scientist of the
zombies and the scientist what has the
ability to put like hydrants in
the floor that causes health to be charged
of others is like the doctor of
the zombies but it's not as effective as
the sunflower that is the doctor of the
the little plants can also throw some
mines that are I do not know how the bombs that
They are actually not as mines
they explode but until some zombies in
some wall plants on him
other zombies have those helmets like
I had taught them at the beginning they are
engineer has like a like a drone
like a helmet that you can use to throw
for to fly and nonsense from heaven and
the plants these of the cactus have
like an onion a garlic that also
can do the same thing as it is like a mini
helicopter that can go up and see these
are the weapons improvements these zombies
that is shooting me those thorns that
they have fire and that while when I
they hit me starts to burn then I
start doing more damage and the thing is
that the game is fun has a
lots of mini trap doors like this from the
fire cactus and one when the rookie
It seems to me that until you have
unlocked the new generations of
weapons and the two types of bugs you can
play this kind of game modes
like the gnome and the games
objectives is a little more complicated
because enemies as a whole are already
coming out with a lot of improvements
weapons a lot of things and then not
it makes it more complicated is
definitely in my favorite plant
has a different strategy than
play you have to grab you do not have
Real attacks that can kill anyone
long distance
that abode which makes the zombie
it was a little bit slower and you got it
what to eat or get from behind are done
like a murder that is like eating it
from behind with your tongue and you swallow it
or you can do what you are about to do
this guy who is getting under
the earth arrive sneakily and matías
and it 's very good
this is the one of the gnomes and when it ends
you can see when the dome explodes look
It's very funny, good guys, you know
If you liked the video where they are equivalent to
like where you want and there
I'll put more videos of plants of their
friends practically